hi everybody welcome back to cooking
chair today on this episode we're making
up a healthy bean burrito as you
probably know there are many different
types of fillings you can put in
burritos but this one contains no meat
but it's nevertheless fast and delicious
so let's get started so what I'm going
to do to get started here is add the
refried beans to a preheated pan you can
pick these up in just about any grocery
store we're going to add some chili
powder here and I'm going to stir it
continuously over medium heat for oh I'd
say three to four minutes just until
it's hot now that the refried beans are
hot I'm just going to set this aside so
what I've got here is a pan preheated
over medium heat I'm going to do is
place my flour tortilla in and I'm going
to heat this for about a minute on each
side now this is about a 9-inch tortilla
and you can pick these up in just about
any grocery store or you can make them
from scratch and of course I'll put a
link below now that my tortilla is
heated up I'm just going to remove it
from the pan and set it aside on a plate
the first step in building our burrito
is to place the refried beans onto the
center of the tortilla and spread it out
just so it's about an inch and a half
away from the edge followed by the
iceberg lettuce the diced tomatoes
onions
the black olives some jalapeno peppers a
nice layer of salsa now this is just
medium salsa you can use hot or even
mild for that matter the sour cream and
last but not least the grated cheddar
cheese now I should add at this point in
time don't fill the burrito too full or
you're going to have a difficult time
rolling it so to roll this I'm going to
bring one edge up over the toppings and
tuck it under just so it's nice and
tight and continue rolling it till it's
just about to the end now what I'm going
to do is take some sour cream and spread
it over the end just to seal it up next
I'm going to tuck in the ends now you
don't have to do this but it just makes
a really nice presentation lastly I'm
going to cut the burrito diagonally and
you're ready to serve and there you have
it our bean burrito served up with some
salsa and sour cream on the side a great
no meat burrito so those were our bean
burritos believe me these are delicious
stay tuned because in the near future
we're going to be making up another type
of burrito head on over to cook and
share calm for more easy recipes and
remember to click to subscribe and like
our videos thanks for watching and see
you next time